# BLD_Solution_Generator
## This project generates all possible algorithms for 3 style blindfolded Rubik's cube solving.

There are few resources available that contains all 3 style algorithms. If we find one, then it will assume a fixed buffer piece whose algorithm we might not be looking for. This project aims to resolve this issue. As one algorithm is applicable for multiple pieces if we change the viewpoint, this project transforms the algorithms specified for one buffer piece and generates algorithms for all buffer piece.

**face.py** and **cube.py** files contain classes that are used to simulate a cube and its moves.

**algorithm.py** contain functions that are used to transform the algorithms into different forms (mirror, invert, rotate).

The **edges.txt** and **corners.txt** represent the source codes of www.speedcubing.com/chris/bhedges.html and www.speedcubing.com/chris/bhcorners.html

The above source code contained some errors that might have resulted from manual typing of algorithms. These errors were manually changed in the above .txt files. These changes are mentioned in the **changes.txt** file.

**html_parser.py** uses HTML parser library for web scraping the data present in the above .txt files.

**pre_processing.py** removes all notations of double slice moves and whole cube rotations and replaces it with single slice rotation moves.

**related_algorithms.py** is a module which takes an algorithm as input and returns all the unique algorithms that can be generated by all combinations of transformations (invert, rotate, mirror) applied to it.

**related_algorithms_data.py** calls the function of related_algorithms.py and generates all possible transformations of all algorithms present in the pre-processed data.

As there can be multiple algorithms for a single cycle, **sort_algos_by_score.py** file rates all algorithms by the ease with which the moves can be performed (this ease is completely my personal opinion and can differ from person to person). After rating all the algorithms, it sorts the algorithms based on cycles and the score.

As all the above files generate ouput in the form of .csv file, **make_html_data.py** converts this csv file into HTML output. It uses **html_template.html** for HTML source code which is independent of the data present in the table.

If you are running this project for the first time from scratch, then I have compiled all the commands that need to be run in order in **run_whole_project.bat** file. This .bat file can be run on Windows platform. I developed this project on Windows platform hence wrote this script.
